`init`: cover remote project cases (#127)
iterative/mlem.ai: content/docs/user-guide/remote-objects.md

[mlem objects]: /doc/user-guide/basic-concepts#mlem-objects
[object type]: /doc/user-guide/basic-concepts#mlem-object-types

## Remote MLEM projects

Although you can store MLEM objects in any location such as a Git repo, Cloud
storage, or external drives, creating a MLEM project lets you organize and
[discover](#listing-objects) MLEM objects consistently.

To create a MLEM project in a remote location, you can provide its URL or path
to `mlem init`.

## Listing objects

You can list MLEM objects inside a remote MLEM project (e.g. in a Git repo) with

> `mlem list`. There's no need to download/clone the project.

Author: Question @aguschin : There is some missing link between creating a remote project and having objects in there. What if there are objects in a remote location already, can you start a project on top of them and get them indexed automatically? I'm trying to figure out the motivation behind accepting URLs in `mlem init` and how that is relevant for this guide. Thanks

Reviewer: > What if there are objects in a remote location already, can you start a project on top of them and get them indexed automatically?

No, currently they won't be indexed if you start a project in that location. But we should implement this I think.

Reviewer: But we're discussing removing the indexing functionality from mlem completely, so let's write it as it is. Once we do that, we'll update the docs substantially anyway.

Author: OK thanks for that answer. It's still unclear to me why `mlem init` accepts URLs. If you have more context please share and/or update this page again. Merging the changes so far for now.

[mlem objects]: /doc/user-guide/basic-concepts#mlem-objects
[object type]: /doc/user-guide/basic-concepts#mlem-object-types

> ## Initializing MLEM Project
> 
> Although you can store MLEM objects in a Git repo or in a Cloud bucket without
> creating a MLEM project with `$ mlem init`, doing so enables you to organize and
> access your MLEM objects easier.
> 
> This creates a `.mlem/` directory in the desired path. By default MLEM will save
> models to `.mlem/model/` and data to `.mlem/data`. If you save MLEM models
> outside of `.mlem/` folder, MLEM will store the reference to it inside `.mlem/`
> folder. This approach allows MLEM to list your MLEM objects in a project.

Author: ```suggestion
## Remote MLEM projects

Although you can store MLEM objects in any location such as a Git repo, Cloud
storage, or external drives, creating a MLEM project lets you
organize and [discover] MLEM objects consistently.

To create a MLEM project in a remote location, you can provide its URL or path
to `mlem init`.

[discover]: /doc/command-reference/list
```
